Hello today, flashing got
samsung galaxy tablet
if you flip it here in this
place you can see its name
it's called hyphen 50120 and here we are
flashing today the firmware itself
firmware I will give the same video will be a link
you can download and even though they will visit
format and right on the flash drive I copied
then on the micro sd flash drive
usually
then faster than the flags
copied firmware paste on
the place where it should be right in the zip
The format is important before the firmware is still important
charge it so that it does not shut down during
flashing time is very important for
full body lady
squared in it after that push
volume up
more and the power key and hold here
the screen is lit up start up but
hold up the button get this
here is the menu for the recovery menu
You can read other places about it
here in this menu we rocker up and down
select wipe data factory reset
swing push switch key after
no matter how big a check is in this menu
we select the item is does all users do
the click again the inclusion of waiting
formatted
waiting for everything again in the menu threw us
the main thing now is choosing your ketch menu
be quiet
below which we press the button again
inclusions
all formatted then choose
menu and play update from external storage
second player 3 will be the second menu
press the switch again
it we went flash drive on the fudge quota itself
flash and the firmware itself sire hyphen 51 and so
and so on at the end . zip this is ours
firmware when we push it
key activation
Turn on the power button
We are all waiting for the tablet for the firmware
install flash sdk itself is waiting
that time for
a minute or two i wasted seeing to
hold him back
all after he reboot
will turn on again this mi recovery menu
need to wait no need to water it
wait nevertheless to reflash
that then there were no problems
so all he turned on again click select
reboot system now
gran press the switch again on the key
and waiting
I will squander that video squeeze
a little bit the first inclusion goes
just there is such a menu here
the remaining complications appear
install application unpacked
firmware itself the first inclusion will be
long because it is set
unpacking waiting bye
fume and set well here now
choose language here italiano by
default click on the language I scroll
still below russian ukrainian who is from where
Belarusian Russian choose push
to begin
skip
from which file connect to white
so skip setup time then
I adjust the settings immediately pig
quality
November 25, November 5, 2014 and time
us 1308 further yes account here
creator creator then you can create it
we are not here right now
gps expected here is the name of the device me
customer Vasily Vasilyev
the pool all gave
further close
here is our tablet passed on there until
set what we need online can
find that in this way, but about wider
samsung galaxy gt tablet
50120 and thanks all bye